MERCENARY - THE SECOND CITY:

        Fly the Dominion Dart as usual, fly to above 350 meters, level off
        (your speed should be 1,781 kph) and fire a missile.  Pick the
        missile up once you get close to it and then land.  Go to 08,08,
        and take the crashed intergalactic craft and go to 08,06.  Go
        underground exit your ship and walk through the triangular door.
        You now have access to the authors cheat room where you'll get keys
        to every door, passes out of prison and the ability to carry lots of
        goodies in your pockets.


                                DAMOCLES.

Typed in by FLUX of MIRAGE UK. Edited by PARASITE.


GAME DESCRIPTION
Damocles is a game of exploration and discovery in which you are a 21st
century soldier of fortune - a mercenary. Your fight should you choose to
take on the challenge, is against the forces of nature. Your objective, in
any event, is to gain a fortune in return for your endeavour.
You have been invited by the State President, to the planet Eris for work
which offers a rich reward, if you succeed. The comat Damocles, in its
present trajectory, is on a collision course with Eris and will destroy the
planet. You will be asked to prevent this catastrophe.
When those originally charged with finding a solution were seen to be
failing, the President called for your assistance. Unfortunaetly, you were
unexpectedly delayed en-route and now, on your arrival, there are only a
few hours remaining before the comet hits!
And so the game begins - with you having landed at Eris Capital City
Spaceport. Your car awaites. The key, which you need to pick up, is in the
spaceport building. Board your car and drive along the exit road. The State
Office is the first building along this road that you can see. For a full
briefing, walk in. It's up to you. In Damocles you choose the action!

GAMEPLAY
In Damocles, the player is never 'killed'. Your ability to play the game
never ends, even if the comet hits Eris or, through your own doing,
something worse happens! Although you could conceivably be left with
nothing to play with - or you could possess everthing worth playing for, you
choose your end of game.

PLAYFIELD
The Damocles playfield is the Gamma solar system of nine planets and there
nineteen moons in orbit around the star Dialis. All of the planets and
moons are accessible to you by flying to them in a suitable spacecraft.
Some have seas and islands, others are barren but are cratered or have
other features, some are featureless and there are two gas giants on which
you are not allowed to land.

TRANSPORT
You arrive in the game able to walk from your interstellar craft, which is
not refitted for further flight. A car awaits you, which you can only use
after you have collected the key from the spaceport building. All transport
in the game requires you to be holding its matching key for you to be able
to use the vehicle.
There are three types of craft:
1) Cars and other ground based vehicles.
2) Aircraft, which are restricted to the planet or moon that they are on
3) Spacecraft for interplanetary flight.
All craft have varying capabilities, some are good, some not so good.

OBJECTS
Your interaction with the game is principally through the objects that are
to be found. Many of these have a use. You can pick up and hold objects tp
relocate or use at any time by taking these into your inventory. You can
generally hold upto a maximum of ten objects at a time.
(please note that there is no limit to the number of objects that you can
drop in any one place, but an excessive concentration of objects will
significantly slow down the game graphics)

CLUES
Following from the 'State Office' briefing, there is a straight forward
'trail' that leads to a solution, for which you are suitably rewarded. It
is rewarding to play and affords a useful insight and experiance of some of
the gameplay availble, but occupies only about 20% of the full gameplay
installed. There are a number of interlinked ways to varying solutions and
rembering that your objective is to maximise your fortune, the experianced
player will want to investigate these other options.

EXPLORATION
The Damocles playfield is vast. You can of course explore everywhere, and
might eventually find all that there is to find. However, this approach is
not recommended: for example, there are over 16 million individually
numbered but identical pyramids on Midas. Even the most ardent adventurer
would find a simple search of these somewhat tedius.
In exploring, look for diffrences. Certainly significant buildings are well
worth a look inside, but also a structure that may be commonplace
elsewhere, if sited individually, could also be intresting. Similarly, one
pink building among many of the same type in green would have a purpose.

TRADING
An important feature of the gameplay is the value of mant of the objects
that you can find. You must sell an object to be credited with its value.
This can be accomplished at any of the Trading Posts that you can find that
do not already have an object for sale in the window. You can of course buy
the displayed object, if you can afford it. The price is shown on the wall
panel. Where you can sell, the money shown on the panel is that offered at
these premises for the object currently selected in your inventory. Drop
the object and leave the room for the transaction to be complete.

TIME
Your panel clock is tuned to the time countdown to Damocle's impact with
Eris. If Eris continues to exist when this clock reaches zero you'll have
succeeded.
Your space travel around the system is at speeds near to the speed of
light. Very quick and convenient, but note the rapid decay of your Eris
based time clock!
Compared to the speeds that you can attain, the planet and moon rotations
and even the comet, appear to move at a leisurely pace. But Beware! This
can be misleading. The comet is moving relentlessly on.

IN-FLIGHT EFFECTS
In space flight, an ecliptic plane lock operates to encourage your flight
to remain within the plane of the system. During rapid space flight,
Benson, your in helmet PC, affords a playable view by compensating for the
effects of acceleration and for relativistic distortions.
Similarly to provide you with simple flight controls, in space your engine
speed and direction are regulated to take account of gravitational fields
and appropriate deceleration is applied for you to enter above the planets
and moons. Above there surfaces, you will move faster at high altitudes. A
red panel light shows with ground proximity.

CONTROLS

COMMUNICATION
With Benson in communication mode, you may be asked to respond. This is
indicated by a question mark (?) following text. Press 'O' to respond "OK -
YES", otherwise "NO" is assumed.

WALKING
Walking is initated by joystick movement in all eight directions. You are
able to RUN by pressing 'R'. To return to walking pace press 'R' again. A
white panel light indicates RUN mode.

TRANSPORT
To BOARD a vehicle or craft, walk near to it and press 'B'
To LEAVE parked transport (walk away) press 'L'
POWER forward is selected by pressing a number key on the main keyboard
(not the keypad) from 1 through 9 with 0=max. For REVERSE, select a
Function key F1-F10. For fine adjustment to selected speed press keypad ')'
or '(' keys. To stop or to hover in flight press <SPACE>.

GROUND VEHICLES are controled with the joystick left/right.

AIRCRAFT need sufficent speed to take off. Landing to heavily will result
in a crash! On the ground they behave as ground vehicles. Flight is
controlled by joystick movement in eight directions.

SPACECRAFT are flown as for aircraft, but can attain escape velocity. To
activate escape sequence, in flight, press <ESC>.

ELEVATORS
Elevators (lifts) in building are generally indicated by a floor number
being shown. Stand centrally and select a floor number on main keyboard
keys 1-9, 'B' for a basement and 'G' to return to ground level. If the
number selected does not exist as a floor number the lift will not operate.

OBJECTS AND INVENTORY
All object and inventory controls are through the keypad and cursor control
keys.
To pick up an object, stand near to it and press the cursor up key.
Provided you have inventory capicity available, its name will be shown on
the inventory display panel. To review names of objects held, toggle the
cursor left/right keys. To drop an object select its name to be shown in
the inventory display panel and press the cursor down key.
Where an object has a player controlable use, it can be activated if it as
shown selected in the inventory display window and the <ENTER> key is
pressed. An auxiliary central 'use panel' will scroll on giving
instructions to operate the object via the keypad keys. This use panel will
remain activated unless the object is dropped, or an alternative object is
activated.

COMBAT
Craft have a defensive missile capability. In general play, you do not have
an enemy, but if you do provoke an attack, this is relentless. Unless you
can destroy the enemy ship, it will ultimately find you and home in for the
kill. Depress the joystick 'fire' button missile.

QUIT SITUATION
In all events, bar one untenable situation, you can extricate yourself from
any difficulty (eg the loss of a craft) by quitting. You will be re-located
near to Dialis in a craft.

Press <HELP> key
Benson Response: "F1=SAVE F2=LOAD F10=QUIT OTHER=RETURN TO GAME"
Press FUNCTION KEY F10.

SAVE/LOAD GAME FACILITY
You can save out a current gameplay status to pick up later from where you
left off. At any point in the game.

Insert your 'SAVES DISK'
Press <HELP> key
Benson response: "F1=SAVE F2=LOAD F10=QUIT OTHER=RETURN TO GAME"
Press FUNCTION KEY F1/F2
Benson response: "SAVE/LOAD NUMBER 0-9"
Press a single number to identify the file.
Benson Response: "PRESS RETURN WHEN READY"
Press <RETURN> any other key aborts.

'MERCENARY' GAMESAVES
If you have a winning gamesave from 'Mercenary - Escape from Targ' that is
in the same computer format, this can be loaded into Damocles. Your
inventory holdings will then reflect your previous inventory, and the
author will know a thing or two about you.
You can only load your Mercenary save before your Damocles gameplay is
commenced. On arrival at Capital City Spaceport, BEFORE you pick up the
carkey: Follow the reload game procedure as above but instead of selecting
F2, press function key F3 for an 'Escape from Targ' save and F4 for a
'Second City' save.
