                           DELUXE GALAGA Ver 2.3+

TIPS

If you die during a warp malfunction, the game skips the tax-free shop and
the next level. You can use this to your advantage in the harder levels,
especially in the Big Trouble stages. So make sure you have plenty of lives
left. When you get to the level you want to skip, especially Big Trouble,
just pray for a warp malfunction! If you get a warp malfunction, just kill
yourself once (It's a good idea not to do this until there's only one alien
left on the screen).

OTHER HINTS

  1. It is generally not a good idea to spend any credits until you have
     500. When you get 500 credits, buy the Super Weapon.
  2. If you hold down the fire button (make sure to disable autofire if you
     have it on) from the moment you grab the Meteor Storm icon right up to
     the end of the Meteor Storm, you will get the secret $5000 bonus (This
     only works in version 2.4 and possibly the upcoming 2.5).
  3. On Version 2.4, it is not a good idea to buy the $3000 weapon until
     you're in levels 51-75.
  4. The weapons that cost $750 and higher are generally not very handy
     unless you have autofire (Ver 2.4). If you do have autofire and have
     one of these weapons, what you have is an incredibly nasty weapon!
  5. You can also "cheat" by using a hex editor and editing the main
     program. Just find the part of the code that lists all the prices in
     the tax-free shop (make sure they are not part of the menu, if you
     modify the menu in any way the game won't run!) and change the numbers
     to whatever you want. This way, you can make everything cost nothing
     if you want! However, you'll still need $50 to enter the shop, and
     $400 for continues (or $200, in version 2.3).

GAME SECRETS

  1. Catching a skull will add to the chances that extra life and cash
     multiplyer bonuses appear.
  2. By shooting the hurry-up ship, you can collect the rank marking that
     you are missing.
  3. When a smart bomb have exploded and the gems are falling. You can
     collect them by holding down the joystick.
  4. If you have a multiply when entering the meteor-storm, you may get
     alot of points.
  5. Catching a warp icon in an alien stage with a bonus level will give
     you a perfect score.
  6. Red, Green and Blue skulls will give you a very good weapon. Full fire
     power and the best ship speed.
  7. When a hurry-up ship have appeared 8 times. A money ship will appear.
     Shooting this ship can give you alot of money.
  8. If you have a weapon type, and catch the same weapon, you will get
     more firepower.
  9. Completing the Meteor-storm will give you 100,000 points and 1,000 in
     cash. And if you ... hmm. He He..
 10. You can figure out what skull you have not taken by looking at the
     colour of the meteors in the meteor storm.
 11. If you have caught 2 aliens and the scope is active. You can get alot
     of points by the aliens off the screen.
 12. If you have the rank of Admiral and you buy more rank markings, you
     will get 1,000,000.
 13. Having a multiply active when completing the game will give you alot
     of points.
 14. If you have all the rank markings for a new rank, and then buy more
     rank markings, you will instead buy a new rank.
